hey whats up guys today we're going to
be learning how to do what's on the
screen it's gonna be this nice ring and
you can have as many rings than you want
and I'm also gonna if I have time i'm
going to show you how to make them have
physics and stuff so for the same time
let's just jump right into this tutorial
so I already have cinema 4d open and
then what we're going to do I like to
just add my floor off the bat as you
guys know I move it down a little bit
and then we add a Taurus and then I
already have done this and I know that
the radius a pretty good one is 60 and I
ring segment 60s just made it be really
smooth site and for the final render you
can pump that up a ton because that'll
make it look really good and pipe radius
30 and then now well no pipe radius
would be 15 and that's a very good right
there or you can just change it to
however you like and then we're going to
add a cylinder right here and as you can
see it's already kind of see something
change the radius to 60 and it doesn't
matter what you leave the high does as
long as you don't make it to just leave
it the same and then then we're going to
drop that under a bull I'm not too sure
which one goes first i'm pretty sure
they're tourists who is first there we
go and if we do a quick render out
already got the shape we already got
that part and then what we're going to
do is just make a texture color get it a
nice gold you can like make it a silver
ring I prefer gold actually and then
just and then we're gold will go to the
luminance remembering to check these off
it isn't it bad to like a good like 20
something lower 20s and then we'll go to
reflection check it I always liked
Fresnel right here just makes everything
look better
yeah and then we'll just drop it right
up here under the pool and then you've
got pretty much it and then but like
what's wrong here is it you can see all
the outside what we need to do now is
make a light well we don't even need to
move it don't even move it and then
we'll go here just click on it and then
we'll have an array and we drop the
light underneath the array and then
we've got a nice little and then we've
got like seven lights right here we're
going to raise it up bring the radius to
around 350 now let's try four hundred
and then see it overpower simply now
we'll go to light and turn it down to
around 20 24 that's still a little bit
too high maybe 20 let's try that it's
not perfect but it's okay it's kind of
too bright I know what we can do we can
turn the radius of the array up higher
to maybe 500 and then it won't reflect
too bad into that middle as much and
then I always liked it just shader file
shader new key let's put that on the
floor and I give you a nice little
reflection give it some blue tint in
there of course you can do whatever
color you want it's tough and to make
the little seemed that I had what you
let's do is control C control V and then
just move it down rotate rotate and I'm
not going to be able to do this hole is
for the sake of time I don't know if
this is going to take too long during
the next tutorial on it but you'll just
move this to where they don't overlap so
I'm going to go ahead and delete this
and this is going to be for the physics
thing of a actual range open now we're
going to go to
mogra cloner object and drop the bull
right underneath that you'll see three
we only want one two down here on the
attributes of kelowna object make sure
you have Kelowna I'll be collected we'll
go down to one and bring the cloner
object of all right there now if you
just fell right there it wouldn't look
very cool we got to get it a little bit
of a nice rotation on it just a slight
slight one you don't want to go bouncing
all over the place but I that looks
pretty good to me and now we got to go
to the final thing is easy just drag and
click click and drag all over top of all
this right click mogra rigid body it
automatically assigns to that and that's
and it's the only way I know how to make
physics like I don't I've tried seeing
everywhere else nobody else seems to
know how to make everything something
have physics without putting it under a
cloner of it so remember that and then
we'll see we'll probably need to that's
a nice effect there we go turn pump this
up to maybe 300
get down and it's always the same and
then you can like mess with it see how
you like it that this was perfect it's
got that nice little ring effect it's
like a coin and then see another thing
this is what I was going to tell you
earlier if you're going to take the pic
make it just one picture you can pump up
the cylinder the rotation segments to
however much a thousand runners on out
makes it have a nice smooth inside
really smooth but see that won't do very
well here flagging up my computer
hardcore hopefully that doesn't mess
with the recording I've got my fingers
crossed on that one but guys one more
thing I want to talk about thanks for
all you guys that have installed my free
tool bar because it's helping me out a
lot and getting me close to that PVR
like also right now I'm just lowering
down the statements again to where it
actually doesn't lag my computer and
then that's going to be what you do if
you want to actually make the video
unless you want to do it all night or
unless you have a also have a very high
performance computer then you can
probably do it but I don't have I have a
pretty good computer but not that great
but that's the end of this tutorial
another episode of playful desk tutorial
from me to you and thumbs up please it
really helps that's what let's my
channel grow thanks for watching